c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Droid.Page1.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\com.companyname.BMI_Calc.apk
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\com.companyname.BMI_Calc-Signed.apk
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Annotations.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\com.companyname.BMI_Calc.apk
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\BMI_Calc.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\com.companyname.BMI_Calc.apk
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\com.companyname.BMI_Calc-Signed.apk
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Annotations.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Droid.Page1.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\com.companyname.BMI_Calc.apk
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\BMI_Calc.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\fantacodeintern\BMI Calc\BMI Calc\BMI_Calc.Android\bin\Debug\BMI_Calc.Android.dll
bin\Debug\Mono.Android.pdb
bin\Debug\mscorlib.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Core.pdb
bin\Debug\System.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Xml.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.pdb
bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.pdb
bin\Debug\Mono.Security.pdb
bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\BMI_Calc.Android.dll.mdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\Mono.Android.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\mscorlib.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Core.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Xml.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Xml.Linq.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Net.Http.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Runtime.Serialization.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.ServiceModel.Internals.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\Mono.Security.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.ComponentModel.Composition.pdb
